going to get arrested if you don't get
off the property okay talk to me also
releases I'm talking to you too you were
riding in here get out of here Walter to
get you if i can get out of here come
back another day united staying why
because i just told you doesn't do
anything it says that does make sense
Jimmy doesn't make sense you too we've
been on vacation what he's not on
vacation but you want to come in the
mall I don't stay away why are you
punching him in a cart through proper
because we thought that was a serious
car we're gonna give back to us stop
stop alright we actually did you want to
go in there you two are leaving for what
you just did let's go
they're so stupid
I'm get my bike
so annoying didn't even do anything i
liked it leave your out here
don't come back we already got you guys
to suck out some becky gonna read what
you were either have a reason what is
the reason
what are you talking about I wasn't even
here last weekend I was in front of I
was in Florida he was in the hospital
yes he was in to come ashore oh my god
here's a broken sword he wasn't I'm back
tomorrow if this guy runs back one more
time around well I leave the property
now who I'm back tomorrow fun well
that's your bike from a skateboard go
we're locking them up good this way
that's why I just constantly oh my
fuck you some way we breathe out with a
fucking secure you they drawlin bro Tom
bro aint do shit today though they don't
pull the hoe nigga is Joanne ok ok sorry
huh
we're leaving yea it's going on YouTube
now on their property where they can't
do
yo hey
nothing you saw yelling at me so stupid
I into shit but that says